# Jeprady-
A class project based on the real life game Jeopardy. 
My version isn't exactly like Jeopardy but its got the same conecpt. At the start you click start then it will generate the categories, it has a decent delay at the start but that's because the database I pulled from only allowed one call per five seconds. To get the categories to have the correct questions I had to call them individually. After that you'll get to the player page, you can alter the amount of players/teams and change the names. After you confirm it will get to the gameboard where you will choose a tile based off of category and amount value. The bigger the value the harder the question. After all quesitions have been selected the scoreboard will display showing who won the game and will give you a prompt to head back to the main page where you'll see an all-time scoreboard stored locally. The datasource I pulled from was Open Trivia Database, https://opentdb.com/. As for the AI disclosure, I used it to debug everything, there wasn't a single line that it didn't lookover(I hope). I had AI generate specific colors and fonts for me because I am no design major. For some of the design choices I took some suggestions from AI, the list is as follows: Text/box shadows, transitions, wrap-overflow, cursor, and letter-spacing. For the Java Script it created the daily double, it also helped me realize that the data calls needed to wait the five seconds so I could pull the category questions correctly. When I got stuck on some of the classes and variables I had AI tell me what it was and where it went. There was a lot of that, overall it was just a ton of code and my brain started to just mesh all of it together after a while. 
